<ul>
<li>JUnit 5 requires Java 8 (or higher) at runtime.</li>
</ul>

<b>@Test</b><br>
Denotes that a method is a test method.<br><br>

<b>@BeforeAll</b><br>
Denotes that the annotated method should be executed before all @Test, @RepeatedTest, @ParameterizedTest, and @TestFactory methods in the current class.<br><br>

<b>@AfterAll</b><br>
Denotes that the annotated method should be executed after all @Test, @RepeatedTest, @ParameterizedTest, and @TestFactory methods in the current class.<br><br>

<b>@BeforeEach</b><br>
Denotes that the annotated method should be executed before each @Test, @RepeatedTest, @ParameterizedTest, or @TestFactory method in the current class.<br><br>

<b>@AfterEach</b><br>
Denotes that the annotated method should be executed after each @Test, @RepeatedTest, @ParameterizedTest, or @TestFactory method in the current class.<br><br>

<b>@Disabled</b><br>
Used to disable a test class or test method.<br><br>

<b>@DisplayName</b><br>
Declares a custom display name for the test class or test method.<br><br>

<b>@Nested</b><br>
Denotes that the annotated class is a non-static nested test class.<br><br>

<b>@Timeout</b><br>
Used to fail a test, test factory, test template, or lifecycle method if its execution exceeds a given duration.<br><br>

<b>@Order</b><br><br>
<b>@TestClassOrder</b><br><br>
<b>@TestMethodOrder</b><br><br>
To control the order in which test methods are executed, annotate your test class or test interface with @TestMethodOrder and specify the desired MethodOrderer implementation.<br><br>

<b>@ParameterizedTest</b><br>
Denotes that a method is a parameterized test.Parameterized tests make it possible to run a test multiple times with different arguments.<br><br>

<b>@RepeatedTest</b><br>
Provides the ability to repeat a test a specified number of times by annotating a method with @RepeatedTest and specifying the total number of repetitions desired.<br><br>

<b>@DisplayNameGeneration</b><br>
Declares a custom display name generator for the test class.Values provided via @DisplayName annotations always take precedence over display names generated by a DisplayNameGenerator.<br><br>

<b>@Tag</b><br>
Used to declare tags for filtering tests, either at the class or method level.<br><br>

<b>@EnabledOnOs</b><br><br>
<b>@DisabledOnOs</b><br><br>
<b>@EnabledOnJre</b><br><br>
<b>@DisabledOnJre</b><br><br>
<b>@EnabledForJreRange</b><br><br>
<b>@DisabledForJreRange</b><br><br>
<b>@EnabledIfSystemProperty</b><br><br>
<b>@DisabledIfSystemProperty</b><br><br>
<b>@EnabledIfEnvironmentVariable</b><br><br>
<b>@DisabledIfEnvironmentVariable</b><br><br>
<b>@EnabledIf</b><br><br>
<b>@DisabledIf</b><br><br>
